shameless
You brought me here to drink this
Tang Yao, he is my wife now
We are not divorced yet.
He's being professed now.
I can put my face down, can't I?
Tamagawa Tamagawa
Song Yuchuan
I didn't make up with you to see you lose your temper
Are you going to keep sitting and eating?
Can you move up a bit?
What else do you want from me?
So many big shots at the Tang family party
We're not at all you're teaching me things
You made up with me
You made me the father of the child
Then you can go by yourself.
Director Du, he is now dumped by Tang Yao
Just when it needs to be comforted
Don't waste so many resources
The same is the end of the world
That being the case
Respect for disappointment in love
Respect unmarried pregnancy
Supervisor as a well-known director
world-renowned
This was humiliated by Tang Yao in public
Are you really reconciled?
What do you want? Would you like to cooperate with me?